Update AWS backup and Restore (#89)
ansible/aap-docs: stories/topics/proc-aap-aws-run-restore-playbook.adoc

.Procedure
. To run the restore, run the command generator.
+
[source, bash]
----
$ docker run --rm -v $(pwd)/command_generator_data:/data $IMAGE command_generator aws_restore_stack --data-file /data/extra_vars.yaml
----
+
This generates the restore CLI command  
+
[source, bash]
----
----------------------------------------------
docker run --rm --env PLATFORM=AWS -v ~/.aws/credentials:/home/runner/.aws/credentials:ro --env ANSIBLE_CONFIG=../aws-ansible.cfg  $IMAGE redhat.ansible_on_clouds.aws_restore_stack -e 'aws_foundation_stack_name=AnsibleAutomationPlatform aws_region=us-east-1 aws_restored_stack_name=AnsibleAutomationPlatform-restore aws_s3_bucket=ansible-automation-platform-bucket'
===============================================
----
. Run the generated command to trigger the restore.
+
[source, bash]
----
$ docker run --rm --env PLATFORM=AWS -v ~/.aws/credentials:/home/runner/.aws/credentials:ro \
--env ANSIBLE_CONFIG=../aws-ansible.cfg  $IMAGE redhat.ansible_on_clouds.aws_restore_stack \
-e 'aws_foundation_stack_name=AnsibleAutomationPlatform \
aws_restored_stack_name=AnsibleAutomationPlatform-restore \
aws_s3_bucket=ansible-automation-platform-bucket'

----

> . The playbook can take some  time to create a restored deployment.
> After you have run the playbook successfully, a restored deployment is available in AWS CloudFormation matching the name provided for it in the `extra_vars.yaml` file.
> 
> +
> [source, bash]
> ----
> {
>     "efs_restore_points": [
>         {
>             "CreationDate": "2023-02-28T21:54:07.515000+00:00",
>             "RecoveryPointArn": "arn:aws:backup:us-east-1:080914983077:recovery-point:967be465-a43e-432a-b536-8b16e6b0452d"
>         },
>         {
>             "CreationDate": "2023-02-28T16:08:08.905000+00:00",
>             "RecoveryPointArn": "arn:aws:backup:us-east-1:080914983077:recovery-point:d2058e3a-dca6-4a18-b175-5ef624f513a7"
>         }
>     ],
>     "rds_db_snapshot_arn": "arn:aws:rds:us-east-1:080914983077:snapshot:test-bnr-ops-container-rds169785b9-orm2iuzlfqem-snap-2023-02-28"
> }
> ----
> . Your {AAPonAWS} deployment is now successfully backed up. 
> As the log shows, the playbook successfully creats an EFS backup and RDS snapshot of your deployment listing the most recent EFS restore point and RDS snapshot information.

Reviewer: This is not a part of the restore doc section. Needs to be removed.
```suggestion
. The playbook will take roughly an hour to create a restored deployment. After successfully running the playbook, you should see a new restored deployment in AWS CloudFormation matching the name provided for it in the extra_vars.yaml file.
```
